The girls are going to go have dinner now
YeoJin is talkative!
'I have a coat. Can I put coat on this and put other thing on that?'
'Be quiet!'
'Don’t say! Don’t say a word!'
'Don’t be so hard on me! You always do that!'
'Oh my god'
'Kiss later!'
'I regret to share an umbrella with you'
'Ah! Really!?'
The girls are singing ‘Around You’ together in front of a crossroad
'like a child~'
HeeJin: (Chorus) Like a child~
YeoJin: Did you record this part?
HeeJin: Yes, right. I did it
YeoJin: Really??
HyunJin: Yes! It is HeeJin’s part!
The girls are all of one mind when they try to fool the youngest member…
HaSeul: HeeJin sang all parts of chorus!
HyunJin: Yes
YeoJin: Oh.. really!?
HeeJin: And harmony too..
PD: (No sense) Really you did it?
YeoJin: Really?
HyunJin gives PD a gesture of warning!
'(Shes’ doubt about it) Uhm… I think…'
'you’re trying to fool me, right?'
'I know it all!'
'Be quiet, if you know!'
'See, I was right~!!!!'
'Be quiet, if you know!!!'
'HyunJin, you’re always trying to fool me…'
'Hush!!!!'
'Quiet~~!'
'Be quiet! Be quiet!!'
YeoJin is saying what she wants until the end!
YeoJin: Yes, quiet quiet